Add action to determine and check the MSRV (#3909)
informalsystems/hermes: guide/src/quick-start/pre-requisites.md

### Version requirements

> Hermes is developed and tested using the latest version of Rust, `1.71.1` at
> the moment. To check that your tool chain is up-to-date run:

Author: ```suggestion
Hermes is developed and tested using the latest stable version of Rust. To check that your tool chain is up-to-date run:
```
